Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
What's wrong?
- Where's Jason. have you seen him?
Your mom tells me
you keep bugging her about stories.
I can tell you stories.
I can tell
you plenty of stories. Anok.
Jason. Jason. are you home?
I know right now. you would
not believe
First of all. those
cigarettes
Our home we called back
in the Philippines. it
was a beautiful place.
Every sunset was the most
beautiful sunset you've ever seen.
It was...
I'll take you back there if you want.
I have to save enough money first.
but I'll take you camping back home.
Well. Anok. what do you say?
Wake up!
The first thing you
notice when you're there
are the mornings.
They feel so quiet. even if it's not.
You enjoy that little
bit of peace. that quiet.
because I promise you it never lasts.
The Philippines is a small
country. but it's a big place.
I lived there 33 years.
And you know what?
I still got lost.
Just always remember. when you're lost
just turn around and go back.
Another thing I can tell
you. Anok. is to be careful.
You can take a lot of
things from the forest.
wood. food. but you have
to always ask permission
from whatever is living there.
And you have to watch your
step because you never know
if you're stepping on someone's home.
- Ah!
Small. invisible dwarves
that likes to steal
small little things around the house.
Naughty little monsters.
They are mostly harmless.
Mostly.
But the most dangerous
things in the forest
are not the monsters.
No. they're the ones who
look exactly like us.
Men and women. so beautiful people are
lost forever chasing after them.
If we ever see one.
Anok. remember one thing.
Do not follow them.
- Oh. oh god.
Please. please I wasn't
trying anything. I swear.
Huh?
I'm sorry. I can't understand what you're.
No. no. don't!
That's where I'm from. Canada.
Canada.
- Canada.
- Close enough.
No. no!
I'm sorry. I don't under--
I don't know what you're talking about.
No. I don't. I swear.
Please don't hurt me. please.
Please. please. please.
please. please. please.
Wait. wait. you're hurt.
You can't be walking around with that
sticking out of your leg.
What are you doing?
Oh god. oh god.
Hey. hey. hey!
Over here. over here!
Look. we need to get her to a hospital.
I think she's hurt.
Come on. help me.
Hey. where you going?
Hey. at least tell me
where the nearest town is.
Where did I work?
Well. there was plenty of work.
I once managed this coconut oil mill.
but it didn't matter what you made.
People wanted to buy it.
Business was good.
- Please tell me you can see her.
I need brown bottle. now.
- Brown bottle. brown
bottle. brown bottle.
Okay.
- Wrong brown bottle.
Brown bottle!
- Here. here.
- That's wrong brown bottle!
- They're all brown.
- Wrong brown bottle!
- They're all brown!
- Brown bottle!
Ah. yeah. thank you very much.
Hold. hold.
Oh.
- Yeah. yeah.
- What your name?
- Jason.
- Mm-hmm.
Me. you call me Batibat.
Letter B as in victory.
Americano ah?
- Canadian.
Oh!
- Common mistake. that's all right.
- Oh. Canada.
I don't want to go there. very cold.
- Why can't people see her?
- Third eye.
- Huh?
You see things other people don't.
You see her.
Where did you find her?
- Just here and there.
- You know. when I was little girl.
I used to live near volcano.
And then I realized I see
things other people don't.
I'd have to stay awake in the night
smoking in the tree.
Then they're standing around the tall.
running around the house.
And then when there's a great boom.
But me?
I would like to wait for
that special someone.
When everything is quiet.
Even the insects. even the birds. gone.
I know she's here.
Magayon is here.
You mean her?
- Her.
- Well what is she?
- Ha. look at you now!
She used to be a princess.
People come here to meet her.
asking to marry her. but that is one.
And this. there is one. one. one thing.
You know.
Pagtuga. name Pagtuga.
Is very jealous. see?
Very angry.
And then one day there is
one foreigner come here.
His name is Ulap.
He and Magayon meet in the lake.
They fall in love.
And then Pagtuga heard about it.
Pagtuga fight Ulap. Ulap fight Pagtuga!
Fight. fight. fight. fight!
Magayon said. "Stop!"
Nobody sees me because of that. men die.
And then one day. fight. fight. fight.
Fight. fight. fight.
Magayon got hit.
- She died?
- Of course!
Why. you foreigner get stuck by a knife.
you will not die?
Anyway.
You know that the daga. the lupa.
They buried Magayon.
They buried her. everybody
sad. everybody's lonely.
Everybody's crying.
But the place. it got bigger. bigger.
It grows.
It grows a very beautiful mountain.
Magayon Volcano.
They say. hello?
Sister lives there.
You should bring her home.
Bring her home!
Jason. Jason.
Here.
What are you waiting for?
- Canada.
Canada's fine. look we have to go.
All right. no touching.
no touching. I gotta...
Look. I'm just trying to help.
I'm not trying to hurt you. okay?
I know one fact
that will always be true.
Filipino women are the most
beautiful women in the world.
They're also the hardest to woo.
First thing you must
learn. you cannot be shy.
Just give me a minute.
Second. you must know how to
read her signals.
Third. you will learn fast
whether she likes you back or not.
- My volcano.
That's me in the middle.
My dad. he was from here.
I'm guessing that's where
you need to go. right?
Home?
To the very top.
And I'm guessing the guy
back there was what. Pagtuga?
Pagtuga.
- Exactly. Pagtuga.
I'm guessing he's after you?
I'm guessing you wanna get back home?
I wanna help.
- Canada.
- Is that a yes?
Boy.
I know women can be scary.
but do not give up.
Ever!
But if you do. well you
know. I get that too.
- Hey!
Magayon.
Magayon. wait up!
Thanks for not leaving me back there.
So. um. I think we should
get out of this jungle.
Just find our bearings. then
find. find the volcano. right?
And then we could...
Unless. you know. you already
know where you're going.
- Canada.
- Huh?
- Of course you do.
Hey. hey!
When
I was young. I was in love
with this beautiful woman.
I chased after her. tried to
walk her home every night.
She was just so beautiful.
I did this for 10 years before finally
she broke my heart.
And not long after that. I
met and married your mom.
Sometimes beauty is dangerous. Anok.
Sometimes love can make you hold on
when everything else is
telling you to let go.
Remember to always ask permission.
Wherever you walk. ask for permission.
If you're going to dig something
or cut down something.
remember ask for permission.
What did I just say?
- Oh!
Ah!
Hey. okay. okay.
No. no. no. stop. stop. stop!
Ow. ow. ah!
Stop. stop. no. look. it's just a phone!
It's harmless.
My mom. it's my mom. it's my mom!
She's gone.
I should probably answer her. my mom.
We're not on the best of terms right now.
but I'm sure she's worried sick about me.
I have a hard time sleeping at night.
I go through the same
thing every single day.
come home exhausted
and I just fall asleep.
Next thing you know. three hours later
you're still awake.
And you're questioning every single choice
you've ever made in your life.
Sometimes. though. I
do get to fall asleep.
But then I wake up in
the middle of the night.
Although I wouldn't call it being awake.
It's. it's weird. it's uh. kinda like.
I can't feel my legs.
My arms. my chest. it feels heavy.
it's weird.
Strange thing is. I kinda
always feel that there's
something in the room and I'm not alone.
My dad used to tell me all of these
Filipino ghost stories.
There was this monster
that feeds on your fears
and anxiety and insecurities.
and it follows you around.
And it waits 'til you fall asleep.
and that's when it strikes.
Suddenly it starts sucking
the life out of you.
And eventually. the morning after.
they'll find you there. dead.
I know it's just the story.
but sometimes I think
that's how my dad died.
My dad. he was a doctor here.
Everybody knew him.
Back in Canada. though. he was a janitor
during the weekdays. cargo
man on the weeknights.
We could tell that he wasn't happy.
My mom. she was the one
who convinced him to leave.
And I guess a part of
my dad kinda regretted
ever leaving this place.
I kinda get why.
- Canada!
What?
- Sh!
Magayon. Magayon!
Magayon!
I
used to believe in giants.
My grandfather used to tell
me never to leave the house
during earthquakes because the Bungisngis
would come and steal our cows.
I would go out to look.
but I could never see them.
I didn't have the third eye like he did.
But could you believe it?
Giants!
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Wake up. wake up.
We gotta get out of here.
Let me start this thing.
My grandfather said
they mostly left us alone.
Unless they fall in love
with a beautiful woman.
- Come on. please.
Come on!
Start. start!
Come on. come. come on. faster.
Move faster. please!
Oh!
What's it doing?
Is it still there?
Okay. okay!
I think we lost him. I think--
What the fuck!
No. no. no. no. no. no. not now. not now!
Come on!
I can't swim. I can't swim!
- Canada. Canada.
- Sorry. sorry.
It's okay. I forgot.
You all right?
So um. I'm thinking if we
walk through the night.
we'll probably get to
the base in the morning.
What are you looking at?
I could get used to this view.
Sometimes.
Anok. it's just better
to let go.
- Magayon. hey. Magayon!
- Good morning. Sunshine!
You from America?
- Canada. common mistake.
- So. why so far away?
- Oh you know. I just wanted to get away.
- Get away?
This place. it's so dangerous here.
You don't know what is living out here.
- Yeah. like what?
- Like sometimes I find footprints.
There are footprints.
One time I find one big footprint.
You don't know imagine how big it is.
- I don't think I can.
You don't believe me.
- No. I do.
- Remember. better believe
than not to believe.
One time I have this very good friend.
Fish.
Fish?
- Yes. fish.
They come by to see. but they only
In the lake.
I told my friend. my friend.
But my friend did not believe me.
He did not listen.
One time. he hungry.
He bring it home. he cook it.
He cook it for his family.
They ate it. and his son?
He got. uh. sick. a nightmare.
Then the next day. dead.
So better believe than not to believe.
- Stop the bus!
Magayon. Magayon!
Stop the bus!
Hey. hey. no. no.
We're not ignoring this anymore.
What's going on?
Hey.
Just about right.
Huh?
Not a lot. no.
You can see her?
I see you.
My wife can see. too.
Just like that every
day. almost every day.
Why are you away from home that long?
- Someone's chasing after her.
- Huh?
- Can you. can you help me take her home?
- Oh no. no. no. no.
- What?
- I don't want to get involved.
- Why not?
- No. no. listen.
Magayon. powerful.
Beautiful. but very powerful.
They live their own life in the forest.
You have your own life.
Do not chase them. it will end badly.
- It's broken.
- Yes.
Look. look.
Somebody is waiting for us.
- Ulap.
- Look. look. look. look.
I just want to see her home. okay buddy?
- Hey!
Oh!
We're still too heavy.
What do you think?
Look. they were going to catch us.
I couldn't let that happen. okay?
This place looks pretty cool.
Your handiwork?
Oh you like that?
So. you like it when
I sound like an idiot.
I can work with that.
Come on. work with me. give me something.
Argh!
Pagtuga angry!
I love. love. I love.
Okay.
Jesus. it's not as if you're
gonna understand me anyway.
I don't have much
waiting for me back home.
It's not very easy for me.
But being here. I kinda get why
my dad missed this place so much.
So easy to lose yourself.
For the first time in a long
time. I can breathe again.
Stay back. stay back.
Hey. hey. hey what are you doing?
Jason.
Jason. Anok. wake up.
We haven't talked in a while.
but I need to tell you something.
Jason. I'm sick.
Your mom doesn't know yet.
I don't know if I should tell her.
I don't how to keep going.
It's all just lies.
And monsters in my stories.
they're just that. monsters.
All of our lives we just end up
killing ourselves in the end.
- Magayon!
Magayon!
I don't
know. Anok. I just don't.
- Magayon!
I don't know if you'll
answer back in time.
I know you're busy in the city.
I just...
I wanted to say I'm sorry I
won't get to keep my promise.
Maybe one day you'll do it yourself.
I hope you do.
I waited so long to see home again.
Every time it was a different excuse.
and now I don't know if I
can even get on a plane.
I miss it. Anok.
I see it when I go to sleep.
My dreams. I still see the mountains.
the sunset. I smell the grass.
I can breathe again. Anok.
- Magayon?
And
then I wake up in the cold
in my apartment.
- Magayon. hey.
And
I try to go back to sleep
just to see the mountains again.
Maybe if I never left. I'd be happier.
I wish I never left.
- Magayon!
Magayon!
Oh no. no. no. no. no. no.
Oh god.
Oh god. oh god.
Hey. oh shit. what can I do. oh god.
Hey. look look look. look at
me. look at me. look at me.
It's gonna be fine. all right?
I'm gonna get you fixed up.
We're we're we're we're gonna patch you up
and you're gonna be fine.
Hey. hey. help me carry her.
Snap out of it!
It's okay. it's okay. I'm gonna carry you.
We're gonna fix this. all right?
Oh shit. oh god.
Oh no. no. no.
Come on. hey. hey. no. no. no.
I'm gonna stay here. gonna sit here.
I'll sit here. all right?
Just try one more.
Huh. no.
No. no. no. I can do it.
I can do it. I can do it.
I can help you. I can help you so much.
Just don't give up. don't give up. hm?
I'm gonna try. all right. we'll try again.
Oh. come on!
Magayon!
Yeah.
Don't worry.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
No. no. don't say
everything is okay.
Where the hell have you been. huh?
- No. no. no.
I'm. I'm. I'm coming home.
Huh?
Do you know how worry I am?
Now. Anok!
Just tell me you're coming.
One
day I hope you'll have
your own kids to tell stories to. Anok.
That'll be nice.
Maybe one day they'll
want to go home. too.